Hello everyone, Sebastian, Patrick, Savannah, and Jonathan.
Awesome to have you all here.
Excited to talk about FastAPI Cloud.
Welcome.
Yes.
Sorry.
What a project.
It's been going on for a while.
I've heard stuff from Sebastian that maybe something was brewing and all these things,
but not too long ago you all announced it.
And I heard that FastAPI, some people have been using it recently.
You know, some of the surveys show that some people use it for websites.
I'm not sure.
Rumors.
Oh, my gosh.
I mean, congratulations on that.
But before we dive into FastAPI and FastAPI Cloud, let's just do a quick introduction.
Who are you?
We'll just go around the Brady Bunch squares of our live stream here and start with Sebastian.
You've been on the show a few times.
In fact, you've been on the show just recently for a really fun episode, Sebastian.
Who are you?
That was super fun.
So hello, everyone.
I'm Sebastian Ramirez or Tiangulo.
I created FastAPI.
That is this Python framework for building web APIs and backend in case you know.
In case you've been living in a hole and haven't done any Python for 10 years.
You also are famous for really pointing out the ridiculousness of modern tech recruiting.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, you know, like it's fun.
This is probably the thing that I am known for is for writing a tweet saying, yeah, that
I saw a job post asking for five years of experience with API and I only had 2.5 since
I created the thing.
So you didn't qualify for the FastAPI job.
I didn't qualify for it, yeah.
And then the funny thing is, you know, like people sometimes, even people in Python itself
and tell me like, oh, wait, like you're, and I said like, oh, yeah, I created this thing
called FastAPI.
Oh, wait, okay, so what is FastAPI?
Oh, wait, you are the guy from the meme.
Are you serious?
Yeah, you know, like, suddenly that is super important that I am the guy for the meme of
about FastAPI. Not the guy from Far of the Club, the guy from the.
Israel, oh my gosh, I saw you on TikTok. It was amazing.
It was my achievement. I wrote a viral tweet.
You know what? Sometimes your moment in the sun is not the one you expected. No.
Congratulations on how good FastAPI was.
On the tweet.
Exactly. You really nailed it. Patrick, welcome to the show.
Hello. Thank you. It's nice to be here. Yeah, I'm Patrick.
I guess the main thing I'm kind of known for in the community is like this library called
Storary, which is pretty similar to FastAPI, but instead of REST is for GraphQL.
Other than that, I help organize PyCon Italy and I used to also do EuroPython as well,
but I stopped because of way too many things.
Yeah, that's pretty much me.
Okay.
Yeah, that's awesome.
How do you see GraphQL these days?
Is it still popular?
I think it's mostly popular in the enterprises, unfortunately.
To be honest, I'm a bit annoyed about the companies that do tooling around GraphQL because
they're not really pushing it forward.
They're just trying to work with enterprises and that's it.
Or maybe you're putting to AI.
Yeah, it feels a little bit like the soap.
The soap with the XML modern version.
Savannah.
Yeah.
I was just going to say that I think you like tapping out of being an organizer for EuroPython
is like, you know, the classic open source oversubscribed doing all the things.
Very relatable.
Yeah.
But yeah, I'm Savannah.
What can I say?
I am on the Python Steering Council for 2026, which is very exciting.
I am also the release manager for the upcoming version of Python, Python 3.16.
And so that'll kick off later this year, which is really cool and very exciting.
I work on CPython stuff, the JIT, arg parse, basically whatever needs help is kind of where
you'll find me.
Awesome.
Congratulations on the steering council.
And yeah, that's a lot of cool stuff.
Hopefully we don't get a Python 4.0 right after 3.16
because then your job will never end is what I've learned.
Yeah, yeah.
Benjamin Peterson, Python 2.7 forever kind of situation.
I mean, release management is still, I mean, it's still quite a commitment.
It's like seven-ish years when you think about all the staggered releases
to your release management too.
And then you have the five year maintenance cycle.
So yeah, it's Python forever is what I can really say.
- Yeah, it's probably not a fad.
It's probably gonna stick around this Python thing.
No, that's awesome. Congratulations.
Also cool with argpars.
I feel like that's making a strong comeback now
that we have these AI things that can just
put stuff together for us instead of like,
oh, I need to depend on this library and that library.
I just need to take a few arguments
and have a little help text.
And it's like, well, you've already got this built-in thing.
Oh, who knew?
People were like, oh, I didn't even know.
I thought I used typer or click or something, right?
- Yeah, I mean, I was gonna say,
there's the typers and clicks of the world,
but sometimes you just want the simplest thing
and ArgParse is pretty great at that,
although it has many quirks that are probably
and most definitely unfixable at this point
because bugs are features when you have things
that have been around as long as Python.
But yeah, no, I mean, AI loves to write Python.
I think it's like the language used the most
in AI generated code, so.
- Yeah, I'll just say we live in weird times.
We live in very weird times.
- I would love a precedented time at some time.
- Exactly, yeah.
Can we just get the boring times?
Nothing interesting, please.
Yeah.
All right.
Oh, also, I did what I said about GraphQL may sound like a bit of a smash,
but I didn't mean it in a negative, super negative way anyway.
Like, it used to be all the enterprises were all about SOAP and Wisdle
and, like, subscribing your tooling.
Please don't write me.
I'm not trying to bash on your technology.
All right.
Jonathan, also, welcome.
Hi.
Yeah, I'm not nearly as famous as everyone else in this call.
I'm more infamous internally at FastAPI Cloud, I would say, for a bunch of things.
I've heard of emojis or something along the lines.
One meme away.
You're just one meme away.
Just one meme away.
Yeah, that's true.
We keep piling them up internally.
But yeah, I used to work with Patrick together for years, also on CraftGuard.
Same like we assume.
That's how I know him.
And that's why I, well, made a weird sound when you said so.
Yeah, and I've been with FastAPI Cloud since EuropePython, actually, the last one.
I promised Sebastian I would implement some Ascent events in FastAPI,
and I haven't started with it yet at all, but somehow I'm still here.
So that's great.
Well, actually, and that's actually like a sneak peek, I guess.
we already started like having a bunch of chats and like discussing what we do should we do it
here should we do it there what should we do so like yeah it's something that is coming to fast
api probably soonish like there was a lot of things that needed to happen before that like
the patrick is slightly smiley like oh no this is pressure there were some things that needed to
happen in fast api like you know dropping support for findante version one or things like that that
that just made the code, the internal code, so complex.
And now that it's over, we can actually work more
on improving performance, adding features,
and things like that.
So yeah.
Yeah, very exciting.
I definitely want to dive into how FastAPI Cloud
has sort of influenced the whole FastAPI side of things.
But I'm made aware that there is, in fact, an entire website.
An entire website dedicated to the meme.
All right.
Yeah, and out of the audience we get, hey, everyone, is that the guy from the meme?
And the meme is greater than Nobel Prize.
So, you know what?
It may be true.
I recognize the person saying, this is the guy from the meme.
He might be my husband.
incredible incredible all right well let's start with fast api cloud and then we'll bring it back
around to the fast api let's let's talk org origin story so what is this fast api cloud
nice so uh here we're looking at the fast api labs website that doesn't really show
that much. If you click on the join the waiting list that takes you to the website for FastAPI
Cloud, there we can see like this is what we are building. This is the thing that we are doing.
It's actually super simple. The funny thing is that the pitch, the explanation of the product
is so short. So it's one command. It's FastAPI Deploy. And you have a FastAPI app, you just hit
FastAPI Deploy, and then it's on the cloud. We take care of everything. We build a thing,
deploy it, handle HTTPS, auto-scaling, all this stuff.
And then you can just focus on building the application, building apps.
The funny thing is that it's super short to explain,
but then building it is so complex.
I feel, well, first of all, I'm glad it's so short.
So thanks for being here.
That was a great show, y'all.
Well, I'm just kidding.
No, I think it's a little bit like Jupyter Notebooks.
in that sense that like you all are taking one for the team so that other people can have a simple
experience whereas you know it's like those those jupyter folks they write tons of typescript and
do all sorts of things that nobody wants to necessarily do in the data science space so that
you can just drag your widgets around you know what i mean um exactly yeah yeah yeah thanks i feel
like no i was just i feel like the deployment space it's a bit of a mixed bag and it's my i've
been really frustrated to the point such that i wrote a book about it that i think about an
alternative that i think over the last five plus years it's just trended towards a little more
complex a little more complex oh could we just add one of these things and oh now we got these
through we need one more thing to like make sure those things are doing you know what i mean and
it's just like wow why are there 200 choices in my console to use this which is like kind of funny
right because i feel like a lot of these companies started with this like i don't want to understand
all the ins and outs of all the infrastructure that comes with the cloud service provider and
that's really complicated to understand because i'm an app dev and i don't know anything about
never, right? And now we're like, I don't know, kind of slowly accumulating complexity. But I
think one of the cool things about what we're building, and I like I've worked on cloud tooling
before is like, this is like, just spoke for Python developers. And I think that's like,
quite, like unique in that, like, we are really trying to like, bring the bleeding edge and like
all the new tooling that people are using and making sure that we play well with like uv. And
care put into that by the team.
Yeah. That's a super good point.
I mean, I remember Azure came out with like,
here's your platform as a service.
You just upload your web app and we'll just take it and go.
And now that thing is so complicated along with many, many others.
It's not just them.
It's you've got AWS, you've got Vercel.
There's lots of things we could point at for,
there's a lot of options here.
And then there are a lot of tools and like,
You know, like many tools and many companies are also doing a great job at many of the things that they are doing.
But in many cases, it's just so complex.
It's so complicated.
You know, like I was I have always been so adamant, I think is the word, to just teaching people how to use the tools.
I think I have the most documentation about how to deploy things on your own than any other framework.
I have so much information.
I hear that all the time from people.
they say one of the reasons they chose FastAPI
is because how clear the documentation was, you know?
- Yeah, and then the thing is, you know,
like just learning all those concepts
and like learning all this stuff that needs to be learned
just to deploy something
and then just you barely have like the minimum.
It's like, this is, you know, like it's just too much.
It's too much complexity.
I think for me, like I guess like personally,
my analogy is that FastAPI Cloud is the equivalent
of what FastAPI is to building web APIs and backend.
You know, like you could do the same
with any other framework.
You could validate data, you could generate open API,
you could have automatic docs,
but you will probably have to do a lot of the wiring yourself
and making sure that it's actually correct
and that it doesn't explode, all the stuff.
That is, you know, like we are trying to do a lot of that work
for the final users.
- Yeah, and I think it's great.
I think it's really nice to just provide this on-ramp
because as you said at the opening,
when I asked the origin story,
it's just FastAPI deploy, right?
That solves so many stories.
And I'm sure behind the scenes,
what happens is just about as simple as that.
Oh, my gosh.
About that.
Some of us don't even get to write Python anymore to make all of this happen.
I'm taking one for the team.
Yeah, that is taking one for our team, right?
It is.
Yeah.
Let's save the internals for a little bit later.
Maybe what we could do right now, maybe we could do a bit of a walkthrough
of just kind of what it's like to set up an app from scratch, right?
Nice.
I see that uv is here, which is,
I've been certainly an advocate for uv in all sorts of deployment,
but especially when you have like repeated build type of scenarios
for like Docker, Docker Compose or Kubernetes or whatever.
UV makes that stuff so much faster and so on.
So who would like to be my guide that just kind of talks us through what it
means to set up a new project here?
Patrick.
Yeah.
I feel like it should be Patrick.
That was great to suggest, Lavana, but I can.
I've talked enough.
I feel like.
Patrick has the best mic.
Oh, yeah.
That's the reason.
That could be.
Yeah.
I mean, do you want to go from scratch?
I mean, there is this really nice command that Savannah built,
which is FastAPI-new, which I think is something, I don't know,
super helpful.
Yeah, so what does FastAPI-new do?
Is that kind of a cookie-cutter-esque experience, or what is it?
Yes, exactly.
At the moment, Onesco holds a super basic FastAPI application using uv.
It also installs dependencies, creates a folder, everything that you need.
In future, I think we're going to plan support for templates
so you can build multiple kind of things as well.
But for now, it's basically just uv FastAPI new,
sorry, uvx FastAPI new,
and then that scaffolds the project for you.
I don't know if you want to try it live or...
No, go ahead.
Let's just...
I think it might have disrupted you.
Just let's talk us through it.
It could work.
I'm just going to put that out there.
I'm sure.
I've had a few times recently.
I started to do...
I'll tell you the most insane,
like let's do that live on the podcast experience.
I'm pretty sure,
yeah, this is definitely the most insane.
I had Matthew Rocklin on from Coiled
and those guys are all about like,
hey, we're going to scale up
like a bunch of available servers for you, right?
So that you can do your data science.
Like I want to do some ML thing
and it needs 500 servers.
So during the podcast, he said, oh, let me just spin up 2,000 EC2 instances.
Hold on.
And then we ran some code on it during the show.
And he's like, oh, let's try that on ARM.
And then spin up another 2,000 on ARM Linux machines.
I'm like, okay, that's nuts.
But let's just...
That's a lot of time.
I was impressed.
But Patrick, sorry.
I had a debrief there.
Let's talk through it.
Yeah, so you do uvx FastAPI new.
Then you specify the name of the application.
and that's almost there.
You just need one more command to deploy,
which is FastAPI deploy.
The first time it's going to ask you to log in
or join the waiting list if you haven't been invited yet.
So you're still in beta.
And then you follow the steps.
So like FastAPI deploy, log in,
decide the team, if you have multiple teams,
decide the application name,
and then you wait a few seconds
and the application is going to be live.
And just to be clear,
FastAPI new is not required if you already have a FastAPI app.
Like if you've already written your own code and you have your application,
you can just go right into like logging in and deploying.
This is just so that if you're starting something new,
you don't have to do any thinking about all the right things that need to be there.
So this is more of a green field application.
I'm bootstrapping a project.
Right, right, because you want to have the best structure.
Now it uses uv.
So do I have to use--
You can use required.
Yeah, I was going to say, do I have to use the uv project
management type of thing?
Do I have to use the uv.lock files and uv add uv sync?
Can I do requirements.txt?
What's the story there?
Yeah, so we support uv with uv lock.
We also support the--
forget the name-- the PyLock file.
And we also support plain requirements.txt.
And maybe something else I don't know Jonathan can use.
PyLock's pretty new, right?
I think Brett Cannon just got that out pretty recently, right?
- Yeah.
- Brett was pretty excited, I think.
- I know.
- He implemented that.
- Oh, was he?
Okay, I'm sure he was, that's awesome.
He put years of work into that.
- Sure did.
- Yeah.
I can also say that one of the motivations
was also like, you know, like cloud providers.
So it's like, yes, we did it.
- Okay.
- The other thing is like, you know,
if you use other different package managers,
if they use the standard PI project, the Tomo format,
that will also be supported.
That means that, you know, like if you use PDM
or if you use poetry with one of the recent versions,
like that will work.
If you use a very old version of poetry
or like you use some other strange package manager
or something that will probably be problematic.
But for like most of the use cases
that use the standard package formats, it will just work.
And if you use uv,
like you're gonna have the best experience because we are fans of uv and astra yeah they've definitely
put a dent in the way that sort of python gets started and making that a lot easier so it totally
makes sense and also i noticed speaking of uv that there's at least in the recommended way
or over the way in the docs let's say it doesn't say here's how you install fast api you just
here's how you run fast api dash new leveraging uv which then will you know silently install
and manage all right that's pretty neat that that helps you guys tell a simpler story
right yeah here's how you create the virtual environment to install our thing and so exactly
yeah the idea is to make it like as someone i was saying just super simple for people just to
start from scratch, like no idea how to create an app, how to start, how to create an environment.
It's just you run this command and you're off to go. After the races, I'm missing.
Anyway, that's what Colombians do. But then if you already have an app,
you have anything with FastAPI standard installed, then that also just works.
Yeah. Okay. And Savannah, you pointed out that it doesn't have to be a new project. If you want to
start from an existing one, that's totally fine. But what do I got to do if I'm starting from,
if I'm migrating an existing one? Like how easy or hard is this?
Yeah. I mean, honestly, like I have some like legacy project demo apps I've built at other
companies I've worked with that have used FastAPI and I literally just ran like FastAPI login and
then FastAPI deploy and it just worked which felt really magical right like I think that's like I
don't know like having worked on cloud products for quite a while like I think one of the biggest
gaps is like the just I don't know like the disparity between like my local dev environment
and what is actually like lives up in the cloud somewhere and so being able to just run one command
and then having the project as it exists on my machine go and work somewhere without having to
think about like the infrastructure. And of course, like, you know, we want to be like amenable to
folks who do want a little bit, you know, like higher touch. But we also want to work for people
who are like learning FastAPI and Python, right? Like educators and people that are teaching Python.
I think this is like something that we've had some interest in as well from most folks. So,
Yeah, I was just listening to the Teaching Python podcast folks just the other day and thinking, you know, like this, when I look at this, I know this is not necessarily your focus, but certainly people who are trying to teach a class, be it college class or high school class or whatever.
And if you build anything on the web, the next question is, this is cool.
How do I share it with people?
And then like, oh, no, no, no, hold on.
Are you like in like coding boot camps, right?
Like if you're teaching someone how to write Python or how to write, build an API with
FastAPI, like actually setting up the environment for them to deploy is not part of it.
Right.
Like that's not actually part of the curriculum.
It's like this peripheral thing that ends up eating up a bunch of the educators time or
the students time trying to understand both like how to write code and then also understand
cloud stuff.
And that's like a lot to ask people when they're fresh out the gate.
Yeah. I mean, I feel the same way about like tutorials and stuff at conferences.
Yeah. Or, yeah. Or training sessions.
If you're doing like corporate training or like, they're all like, Oh, well,
let's get everybody's machine work. There goes an hour, whatever.
But yeah, if you can just say, look, I think when you're,
either when you're trying to learn something,
be it through school or on your own or through these like more structured ways like boot camps and
training and so on i think if it's not the main purpose i feel so often there's like we're going
to do 20 steps for four hours before you get any sort of reward of what you've done and if you can
go okay do you have it running okay now you run this command look now it's on the internet like
oh wait awesome i got an app on the internet everybody look at me you know what i mean and
I think shortening that cycle to where people can have that aha moment.
And then later they can dive into like, well, how is it really working?
And what do we really need to understand?
But that quick iteration cycle, especially in the early parts of learning new tech, it's really important.
But also, you know, like down the line as well, I think, like, I don't know, there are so many things that I have been wanting to build.
And I don't, but I didn't because it was just so complex to deploy stuff.
You know, like knowing, knowing how to do the whole thing,
how to set up the clusters, the machines, install the Linux systems,
deploy the cluster, whatever, like all the stuff,
deploy the things, handling load balancers and HTTPS.
And like, you know, like I know how to do that.
I built one of the most popular websites teaching how to use Docker Swarm,
which was like the contender before Kubernetes won everything.
But still, it's just so complicated doing all those steps.
I'll just not do it.
Now I can just play around and do random stuff and just deploy,
and it just works.
I really like that.
I guess coming back to that taking one for the team point
earlier, I feel like building Python tooling
is kind of like taking one for the team sometimes,
because you have these folks that are brand new to Python.
Python is an extremely approachable language for people who are new to writing code.
But then, you know, we also want to make FastAPI cloud work for someone that's building like an enterprise grade application.
Right.
And so like pretty wide spectrum of folks with like a million different use cases and different types of applications they want to deploy with different constraints and like security stuff.
And like, so, yeah, I think, I don't know, maybe that's just like Python tooling.
It's a lot of work, I guess, to build something that works for the masses.
Yeah, well, it's certainly tough to make something that feels simple,
but it's not overly simplistic, you know, that can actually solve the problems.
Has the right knobs for the right users too, right?
I would argue we're not only trying to do it simple and easy.
I feel like we're choosing a particular flavor of simple, which is...
We have this discussion a few times.
like if you make a cloud how do we make it feel pythonic like what does that mean in a cloud
setting like we talk about pythonic libraries by them a coding style in the community a lot
and now we kind of try to transfer that like that flavor that feeling to the cloud and make
everything around that feel just like we want our libraries to feel so you feel at home as a
pipeline developer and it just feels right so that's an extra step on top of making it simple
and we discuss that a lot. At least that's how I feel about it.
Yeah. I love it.
I think it's one of the... Sorry, go ahead.
No, go ahead.
I was going to say that I think it's one of the coolest things about this thing.
People are being able to hear a few of us. There are a bunch of others. But each one of us is so
passionate about the things that we are working on. So like, you know, like, each one of us is
trying to make the best out of the things that we are building. And then like, we are so passionate
about the thing that we care about, and we are building that I think that that ends up in an
amazing result. For example, the CLI, we wanted to have some specific, you know, like, behavior,
some look and feel and like we wanted to be able to have like the best kind of the clis so patrick
went ahead and built this way bunch of tooling that we needed to be able to have it and like
maybe open source and everything so we could have this great experience when working with clis uh
like uh jonathan recently recently was doing so much stuff about the handling the caches and
handling security making sure that everything was super secure super fast super snappy uh you know
like a Alejandra is super careful about all the UI. Martin is super careful about all the infra.
You know, it's like this, this, this passionate nest, which is a word I just made up.
This, Alejandra goes and says like, this thing doesn't have the proper margins, we need to
increase this a little bit. I didn't, I don't like it. She just goes and fix it. The same with Martin.
He says like, we need to have like this, this other thing in infrastructure. And it's like,
just comes and tells me hey we are doing this like yes sir you know it's like this with the
work of the team like uh yuri for example that is mainly focused on the open sources constantly
looking at all the discussions prs conversations making sure that everything that we do uh that
that's also why you know like there have been like recently way more releases of fast api and friends
of the open source projects and very fast book fixes very fast responses to handle everything
for the community and now we actually like have people that is paying attention constantly to
what is happening what what is what are the things that we have to do and that really care about
a that part as well so i think this extreme care about what what we are you know like savannah is
making python and hello i don't know i think this detail that each one of us cares so so much about
each one of the things that we build hey that that helps a lot making sure that the product is
actually amazing it's as good as it can be and we can all feel at home when doing it i don't know
i get i get so excited because i really enjoy the end result of the product and being able to use
and how it works in the end, how it needs to work with it,
it's super simple.
Yeah, that's awesome.
Here, let me adjust your mic real quick.
I think it was like ducking, ducking out a little bit.
We just went through a lot of content and a lot of sweating
because your microphone went through like six different stages.
Yeah, that's, I think,
So I think that really leads to something I wanted to talk about is just what impact has this had on FastAPI?
And before you jump in and answer that question, everyone, there's, especially I think with Astral, because they've had so much success, there's been an undercurrent of concern of like, oh my gosh, commercialism is getting into our open source.
What if it pollutes it and causes these negative aspects?
But just hearing all of the energy around FastAPI
with so many people because of FastAPI Cloud,
I think that's super neat.
So I wanted to throw out to you all,
how is this building FastAPI Cloud and the existence of FastAPI
Cloud been giving back to FastAPI, I guess?
I'm always the one that's speaking the most.
I mean, it might be your project.
You might have started the project.
Yeah, maybe so.
No, but you know, like last year, I had a few keynotes in some PyCons in different places.
And like one of the key points that I wanted to bring was this idea that I'm trying to show that in many cases, people worry about the boss factor.
Yes, yes, I've heard this. Yes.
Yeah, you know, like the boss factor is the idea that, oh, what happens if like there's one person doing this work?
What happens if a boss runs over this person?
And there's so much worry about this boss factor.
It's sort of a morbid analogy, but I understand, right?
It's like, what will happen to the open source project if the maintainer vanishes for some reason, right?
Exactly.
But, you know, like it also applies to products and to many other different things.
But what I think is that is a disproportionate amount of attention to this detail of the boss factor.
And I think every time people talk about the boss factor, you know, like one of my points in what I was trying to say
these talks was I would like people to think about the bus ticket factor who is paying for those
tickets it doesn't matter how big is the team you know like you have seen google amazon meta all the
big ones they don't have a small boost factor they have a lot of people in their payroll and still
they they finish products they just cancel them open source or private or whatever it's not
that the main factor defining the success of a project being it commercial or open source of
any type is not really how many people are behind it it's more of what is the value that whoever
is putting the effort to keep it alive is getting from putting all that effort it could be just
satisfaction you know it could be like open source like i feel i feel so good that i'm contributing
into society and that is valid. It doesn't pay the rent but it is still valid. It might
last for a while. But then also like when you see there are so many Python projects,
so many open source projects that can do well or can do bad and it doesn't really depend
on how many people they have. And when you are using a project, when you are using an
open source project or when you are using a product of any type, I will encourage you
to think about what is the bus ticket factor of this project what are the
things that whoever is building this is receiving in exchange for giving it away
so like you know like what are they expecting to sell you at some point or
what are they receiving in exchange you know for example Bunn the JavaScript
Brompton library like it was like we don't know what they are going to sell
but now you know cloud and entropic really want to have like this thing keep working because they
are using it internally so you can say like okay i'm gonna use it i'm gonna use it for free i know
that what they receive for me using is just like that they just really want it so i can just like
whenever you are using bond you are getting now you are getting free services from entropic that's
it but you know like every time you are using a project you can think about why are people receiving
in this change for giving this away for me. I think this is... sorry, go ahead, Sonia.
No, no, no, you finish it.
No, no, that I think I... this is like the thing that I would like people to think about, you know,
like, also like how can they give back? Maybe they can also actually contribute to that community or
to the project. There are many ways and in many cases, the thing that is needed the most is just
like help and work just answering questions and issues.
So yeah.
Yeah, I was just going to say that, like kind of related to what you're saying,
I think one of the angles that I really appreciate about the way we think about
FastAPI and FastAPI Cloud is like we're like a lot of our team was involved in open
source before coming to work at FastAPI Cloud on various projects around the Python ecosystem
outside of Python.
And I think like all of us have a deep appreciation and understanding of the value
of open source and really, really try and build in a way that is like, I mean, Sebastian,
you've talked about this a lot, but like solving a real problem for folks, right? And so like
FastAPI cloud is sort of this like extension of this open source ecosystem people would
be using. We, you know, FastAPI cloud may be an option, maybe someone picks some other
cloud for some reason. I don't think like, I think we're all very mindful of that. But
all work at FastAPI Cloud, like I know that I personally have time, more time for my open source
work and my employer understands the value of my open source work, which is net positive for the
open source community. Like I get to work on CPython sometimes and I have, you know, the bandwidth to
go and do my steering council work or upcoming release management work. So I think like, I
understand like this sort of like, I don't know, like tempering, like open source commercial bad,
all bad. It's not all bad. It's actually like really good in a lot of cases for
look at uv for an example of the holdup, right? Yeah. Astral. Yeah, yeah, totally. Yeah. Yeah.
I think there are some really good examples of this. So I think like, that's another angle that
I mean, I really, I get a lot of energy out of our team because we all, I don't have to,
I don't have to fight the open source battle at FastAPI and Cloud. I think that's really cool.
I do think that's super cool as well.
Let me put out two examples for you here that I think everyone will be aware of.
As sort of to add to what Sebastian was saying is,
look how much Apple freaked out when Steve Jobs died and how many people work at Apple.
Right.
Like that was still like, oh, my gosh.
But, you know, I think there's they're hanging in there.
They're going to be probably making it.
And then.
They are not enough people.
I tell you what, they got some of my money.
That's for sure.
But also, you know, look at Flask, right?
Armin Roeneker worked on it for a long time,
drifted away, which is totally fine.
And David Lord and Pallets picked it up and kept running, right?
Like, it's still one of the most popular frameworks out there, right?
So it's...
I think the bus factor is over, overblown a bit, but also looking at the team of folks here, I think it's, it's even more obvious that there's a bunch of people on the inside.
But, but you know, like, for example, for example, Flask, you know, like I learned so many things from Flask and like, the thing is, I feel like sometimes, sometimes people go and complain about the tool and say like, oh, this is not working for this or for that.
and in many cases is in this insensitive way towards the people that are working on that.
And it's like, you know, like in the end, realize that there's actually people behind the scenes doing the work.
And like, in many cases, it's just like one or two people doing a lot of work.
In many cases, it's just for free.
And, you know, like I think it's worth calling that out.
Like all the work that David Lord does for Flask, it's just like so much work.
And yeah, I think deserves a lot of respect.
Yeah.
Yeah, for sure. I totally agree.
Sorry, the other thing that I forgot to mention is that there were so many ideas of potential products that I could build over the years,
and I never did, and I never started a company, because I didn't have clarity of what will be a good thing to actually sell and will have a good alignment.
the cloud product has such a good alignment with the open source side because
the
you know like as
More successful FastAPI is the more successful
FastAPI cloud has a potential to be the more people using Python's
Effectively the more people might end up checking out FastAPI and the more people might end up checking out the product
So if FastAPI does well, if the open source does well, if Python does well, that's better for the company.
So, you know, like, it doesn't really depend on my personal principles and values or something like that.
It's aligned with, it's financially aligned with the company.
So, you know, like, it's just going to be beneficial in the end because it doesn't depend on good intentions.
And FastAPI is open source.
It has, like, 7,000 forks or something.
So if I was running, so right.
There are 7,000 points is not going away.
Yeah.
I, I definitely agree with you on that.
I think, I feel like I should maybe give a little bit of a,
I tell a little bit of the story of what's going on with,  where did I put it?
I don't think I paste it over here is what's going on with tail end right now.
And I think tail end is having a tough time to one CSS.
traffic to tailwind is up six times year over year on npm downloads but the revenue of tailwind
is down five times you know i mean these are completely out of whack things because instead
of people going to docs to learn about it it's just like well when you go to the docs you learn
they also have premium offerings right and I think you guys are different
because it's not just oh here's a little bit nicer of a thing right I feel like
it would be a little bit as if you were selling cookie cutter templates for
FastAPI apps you know it's like well the AI can make the shape of the thing
that comes out of the cookie cutter to be honest you know I mean but but you're
offering something that has ongoing value that it costs more and is more
complex in other places. And so I think maybe just thinking about the how this just keeps the team
going for FastAPI is really awesome. And I think it's got a nice flywheel effect there.
I'll link to this, I guess, audio track. I don't know what I call it. I think blog post that has
one sentence, but a 30 minute audio you can check out from the guy, Adam, who's one of
the founders of Tailwind talking about going into this.
It's kind of rough.
I think I don't necessarily want to go into a deep AI, what it means for the industry.
Like, let's stay focused on what you guys are doing.
But I think it's going to be, it's going to be, I think it's going to be its own series.
I mean, Stack Overflow had as many questions asked this month as they did in the first
month of their existence.
Right.
three or four thousand, whereas at their peak, they were 200,000 questions a month.
There's like real turmoil that's coming from some of these things, which is tricky.
But yeah, I'm really excited to see you all doing this because I'm a big fan of FastAPI.
And I think this is just sustaining and more for FastAPI, right?
Like, what do you all think?
I'm thinking about it.
That's what we hope.
I thought about Taiwan for a second, right?
It's not like we're immune to what happened to them.
Like, we also have a lot of documentation online.
AI could train on that.
And if it's good enough, it could maintain your infrastructure and stuff.
It's just too hard at the moment.
And there's an additional thing we're kind of selling, which is like, I guess, responsibility.
like and you're shifting the risk from like letting your ai or your infantry the team um maintain your
infrastructure to us so we're staying up at night and worry about it that's that that has a lot of
value as well and that's probably not going to get removed yeah and i also think here here here's a
very common cloud code, cursor, whatever conversation. Hey, build me something with Python and
needs an API. Okay, we built it with FastAPI. How do I host it? Right? That doesn't just,
it will build a cloud for you, right? It's going to recommend something out there. And a real
natural way to how do I host FastAPI is FastAPI cloud, right? Like, if it suggests, oh,
you're just going to like spread it across lamb but lambda by breaking like whoa no I want something
simple okay give me FastAPI cloud right I think that that's a really good thing and then on the
the enterprise side you know enterprise folks are notoriously not good at supporting open source and
that they're not like paying for it I know some companies are big supporters of the PSF and Python
and open source but in general it's like yeah we have this project with 5 000 people working on it's
all python and how are we sponsoring this nope just we're just enjoying the money right and we're
a bank so we got the money we got all the money um so they they're just not good at paying for like
a really great framework that they use a lot but they got plenty of hosting plenty of internal apps
that they just need to make run and stuff so i think both on like the low end and the high end
there's a lot of synergy between these things that is not just, you know, slightly advanced, not to
diminish it, but slightly advanced UI widgets that you could ask your AI to build or,
or something or like cookie cutter templates for project starters.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's true. Like, I think we are in a somewhat fortunate position of like,
you know like fast api has grown so much in like you know like when you check the statistics about
downloads or github stars or entries in developer surveys like it's at the top in like in each
category it's like you know like the backend framework with the most github stars across
languages even like you know like java go ruby js like whatever it's like the top one at least
in github stars so like you know like fast api at least is like people are liking it fortunately
and there's probably gonna be people deploying things to fast api cloud so that's probably gonna
be like we are probably gonna be fine i think did you know like the i guess it will be like a good
point to to ask people to go and check where the open source projects that they are using and check
what is the boss ticket factor for those open source projects? You know, like if you are using
Tailwind CSS, it would have been very cool if at some point you check if the premium things were
useful for you and for your company or your project or something like that, you know?
Because what is the thing that keeps that project going?
Right, exactly. And I really personally admire if a project or something
offers like more value, not just, hey, buy me a coffee,
but here's a thing that you get way more of, you know,
and in that regard, I think Tailwind was doing that, right?
They were offering this suite of pre-built things,
and I think that that's great.
But, yeah, I do think you've got more of a,
these crazy AI things are going to maybe recommend
FastAPI Cloud more than they're just going to undercut it.
So I think that's really great.
And by the way, I was just looking for the GitHub Stars graph
Like there's a whole, I can't remember what the domain of that site is, but, and I
ran across by the, I just want to give a quick shout out.
Like your cult repo documentary on FastAPI was awesome.
Right.
That was so fun.
I didn't see that coming.
Yeah.
It came right on the heels of the Python official documentary, the one hour one.
This is the same group and it, the production quality was really nice.
So like, oh, yeah, it was super fun.
When they released the trailer for the Python documentary,
before releasing the documentary, when they released the trailer,
they contacted me and said, "Hey, we're doing these mini documentaries
about different frameworks, different tools,
and we want to include FastAPI."
They were like, "Oh, nice."
I was just trying to stay silent, but super excited.
I'm sure. That's so cool.
Yeah, I watched it as soon as it came out.
I'll link to that.
People should definitely-- it's only like 10 minutes or something,
but it's worth it. We're checking out. So it's not a huge investment time. People can watch it,
I suppose. It's not tick tock. I mean, it's not like, Oh, I saw the documentary.
It doesn't take you on huge about it. Yeah, people.
It is such a weird time. You guys, the I don't understand what's happened to the
attention span of society. I'm really honestly a little concerned. I used when I create my
is people would say, you know, like a four hour course, and there'd be like a 10, 15 minute sort
of, hey, here's how you set up your computer. And here's all the introduction. And people, oh,
that's so awesome. I loved how you kind of set the stage. I'm really motivated to take the course.
Nowadays, I just get messages like, why are you still talking? This is five minutes long. Do you
understand? I'm like, this is your job. You can't spend five minutes. Oh my gosh. Anyway, that's
that's sort of the origin of my comment there. It's all right. So we're kind of getting somewhat
short on time so i think i think i want to talk about a couple of things let's let's talk a little
bit about internals like what i don't know who wants to take this one but let's talk about just
how when i say fast api deploy then what
It's just a UB pip install and it just goes and it's magic and it's easy, right?
We haven't had anything before, Jonathan, can we save or no?
Yeah, I was going to say, I was going to say, Kronathan, you should take this one.
Oh my God, it's so funny, this happened.
Because I told my friends, I'm so concerned about being at the podcast
because everyone here is a visionary and then I'm the backend guy.
And I think the things I could contribute to this conversation,
I should probably keep to myself.
but it's just leaking internals right um there are some things that are like not really a secret
like as Sebastian said earlier like kubernetes one and in the infrastructure and deployment field
to some extent so that's somewhere in there right uh but it's it's all the way deep down so no one
has to worry about it but it's still a foundation which is a good foundation um I think one thing
that's you you might have guessed it but fast api cloud is built on fast api which kind of makes
sense right um and that also has an effect on like recent patches updates and stuff because if we find
something internally uh which we're not happy with then we just fix it and that's how some releases
uh came out faster than once before dog fooding yeah that's awesome putting a lot yeah also all
all the related libraries like SQL model and others,
they experience the same thing.
- We're actually using everything now.
- Oh yeah, okay, that's cool.
- New library is coming out.
- That's also a thing.
Yeah, it's not just fast.jpi and friends.
We're like really open.
Recently, Patrick just open-sourced everything we use
for authentication authorization, for example.
Is it open-source yet?
Did they just fix something?
No, it is. Yeah, but no, no.
It will be.
Yeah, it doesn't make better.
But yeah, we build stuff internally in the moment really.
I like we build it in a way, like in a separate package,
just like an open source library.
And if we feel like the time is right,
it's just getting open sourced because a lot of things are reusable.
And that's in all departments.
Like that happens a lot.
Like when I started there, I already realized that,
like everyone was building open source,
but now I joined in myself as well.
I open source the library for compression,
like compressing and decompressing archives in Python.
Because the internal TAR5 thingy is just slow,
and we needed it to be faster because we're
stirring up the deployment process.
We're like, hey, we could probably
shape off a few seconds here.
And then that's just open source for everyone to use.
So we're contributing to the whole Python ecosystem as well.
You have to say the name.
It's so good.
Is it good? It's just it's faster because it's faster than just tar.
Fast tar. I love it.
Fast tar. You can say with that very German accent.
With the.
I could have, but you did it better.
Yeah.
I'm afraid to see.
I'm scared of leaking stuff from our deployments.
That's why I didn't say much.
Is that the FASTA or is this different?
No, it's literally the same name, but it's so fresh that, yeah,
I guess Google showed you this one instead.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Dr. John FASTA.
Yeah.
Okay.
But it's also like, you know, like we were-
Doctor, full name.
Full story.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There you go.
One word.
Wow.
That's a lot of zeros.
You need to like SEO-ify this package, man.
I'm searching. I know. I'm searching on GitHub.
Why is that pull request now?
Am I that hard to find?
Oh my gosh.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
It's in the Chelsea.
Yes, there we go.
Okay, okay.
The detective is at work. Here we go faster.
Yeah, it's already gone.
Well, I'm not logged in on this machine.
This is just my streaming, not my dev machine.
I'll go star it. We'll get you some stars.
That's the irony about it.
It literally has no stars,
but if you scroll down and you see the downloads,
that's going to prove we're actually using it.
Yeah, awesome. Super cool.
This is pretty neat. Yeah, I like it.
It's a little context manager.
It's almost working the same as the TAR file in the standard library,
like the same, like almost similar API to that.
It's basically a drop-in replacement, more or less.
Cool.
But then everything happens in Rust.
Because Rust.
Because it's fast.
Because Rust, yeah.
Well, as soon as it becomes infrastructure
and you've got to run it a million times,
that starts to make sense, right?
Yeah.
I mean, Python is one of the fastest programming languages
in the world when you think about human time
to build the things, right?
Like that's one of its real superpowers.
It's like, I mean, there's the whole story
of Google Video and YouTube, right?
And Google Video is written in C++ with 100 engineers,
and YouTube was a small team in Python.
And they just couldn't keep up with the features.
So they bought this little thing YouTube
and see if we're going to make something with it. And last I checked, it was still in Python. I'm
sure some of it isn't but a few years ago it was, which is wild. Anyway, there's different ways of
fast but when it's down to like little utilities. Yeah. I know. They're trying to make Python fast.
Yeah, I honestly massive success in the last five years, right? Yeah, yeah. Like since 311,
since the specializing adaptive interpreter has been pretty big. Yeah, 3.9 and 3.11 did a lot of
foundational work and then three nine onward really just uncorked a lot of innovation there
yeah yeah that's pretty awesome all right um it sounds like sebastian you've talked a lot about
kubernetes so i imagine kubernetes is happening uh do we get to pick what data centers it runs on do
we get to pick what clouds it runs on like you're going to get to pick some of these things not yet
is not released yet. But you know, like it's, so of course, like we have like regular 12 providers
in the middle and there's a bunch of Kubernetes, then there's a bunch of additional stuff that needs
to run on top. Then there's like custom Kubernetes controllers and things that
Jonathan was saying that he's having to write in Go so people in Python can be happy to be able to
you know, like manage all the Kubernetes shenanigans that need to happen because
there's so much complexity that needs to be handled and there's a lot of that we do a lot of
advanced tricks also jonathan was recently doing a bunch of advanced tricks to handle the caches
for the builds so the way that we handle caches and we also like tap into uv and how things work
so that builds can be super super fast because it's like something it's we are you know like we
are very much targeted at FastAPI and Python in general. So we can take advantage of knowing how
things run internally, how things are installed, how to optimize everything. So everything is just
like super fast, super fast. Yeah. I imagine you all have base Docker images that are like just
one one layer away from whoever's code is running. You know, like you've got it all
already pre-built with FastAPI and whatever settings of Python you want.
Yeah. Like a bunch of things and tricks. Yeah. But also like different things,
like the different ways that we do to actually build the things and install things and put them
inside of the actual, you know, like build application. There's like a lot of sourcing
that we do there and like Jonathan has been like working on a lot of that. And there's also all the
logic and all the stuff we have a bunch of stuff on top of that to handle auto scaling which is
something that is actually not that easy to find in different providers we have auto scaling based
on requests including scaling down to zero which saves costs but it's you know like this is not
lambdas it's not aws lambdas it's we are like it's like the full uh deployed application the full
container or whatever it is uh which is you know like the full thing with all the dependencies is
running for whenever it has to run, but we can scale based on requests. So it's like, I guess
it's like the type of thing that you will have if you have this giant cluster for a huge enterprise
with a bunch of infra people making sure everything just works perfectly, but you just pay us to do
that for you. Yeah. But I think this is also a good time for us to probably say lots of stuff is
is coming and we're in private beta.
And so you should sign up for the wait list
so that you can get admitted
and try out these very cool things we've been talking about.
Yeah, absolutely.
And I think I'll let Tech Insider out in the audience
sort of lead to this.
Public release when?
Yeah, lead us into my final topic,
which is just what's the roadmap?
When is this stuff?
How do we get into it here?
So right now we have the waiting list and we are onboarding people.
We already have like a bunch of people in the private beta.
We are going to keep onboarding people from the waiting list and like, you know, like wrap that up.
But it will be like, you know, like through the waiting list is the main place where we are onboarding people.
We want to make sure that everything is super fine tuned and we're going to keep it that way for a while.
So people that are on the waiting list are going to be the ones that are going to be able to start using it the soonest.
At some point, we'll probably have ways for people to invite others and things like that.
About the things that we are building, we are super focused on FastAPI and then Python in general.
at some point will probably support different tools,
different ways to run, like Python code in general,
probably different frameworks.
It will also depend a lot on what the users are asking for,
where are the tools, the frameworks, the use cases,
the things that they need to build.
And we're gonna evolve the platform and the system
based on what people need out of it.
- Yeah, and we have a GitHub repo where we have issues,
But we also have like a Slack that once people are admitted, they can talk directly to us.
And that feedback is really, really valuable for shaping the roadmap and figuring out all the fun things you want us to support.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Of course, you're going to charge money for it.
It runs on the servers and you guys are not a charity.
But I don't know.
Can you give any sense of what you're thinking about that kind of stuff?
or join the waitlist and see?
Well, first join the waitlist and see, but we don't have like that predefined yet,
but it will be on the ballpark of what you could get from different cloud providers.
So like, you know, like different similar-ish providers will be on the ballpark of what you will get.
But it's not written in stone yet.
It's still a little bit different because we can auto scale based on requests.
So we can increase the amount of replicas of your application automatically.
And then we can decrease them automatically and we can scale down to zero.
So you can probably handle all the load that you need and in the end spend a lot less because
you don't have to have a bunch of instances constantly running or things like that.
So it will probably work a little bit different than what it will be for other providers.
But in the end, it should be roughly similar.
Okay.
And given the fact that you all handle so much of it as a platform as a service type of thing,
you don't have to have a cloud expert on hand or a DevOps expert necessarily, right?
it's soon as a company has to hire somebody to be an AWS cloud architect or something like that.
It's no longer just what is your AWS bill, right? Yeah. Yeah. And it's, yeah, it's also,
it's also a lot of the pain that we are swallowing. So you don't have to.
Exactly. It's part of taking one for the team, right? Yes.
Indeed. All right. So I had one or two things specifically that I was seeing is like
custom domains. How far off are custom domains? I was like, oh, I could put some cool things
on there. I could tell Jonathan is psyched about this. I was like, I would be really
fun to put one of my really small FastAPI projects over there. You know, something I
set up for some of my courses or something that I can like point people to go
look, it's running FastAPI cloud on it, you guys can check that out over there.
And I like, but it's on its own domain.
And those that domain is baked into the course videos, you know what I mean?
And it's, it's written in stone.
It's marketing.
Yeah, exactly.
So,  so I can't really move it because it has, you know, some sub domain
of talk Python, right?
Jonathan.
I was going to say that work.
See, I was working on it and then I got the notification by Google
calendars that I should join a certain podcast.
Are you telling me we don't have custom domains?
Because I'm here asking you about custom domains.
How meta is that?
You got it.
Yeah.
It could be here already, but no, you have to wait a bit more.
OK, but soon?
Yes.
Yeah.
Soon is broad enough, but I'm actively working on it.
Let's put it like that.
Awesome.
Okay, that sounds great.
And then, I mean, I just, it's never simple.
You know, I just, I set up some stuff and it's like, you get the pop-up.
Oh, you got to put this, you know, this TXT record, this CNAME or whatever record into your DNS and then we're checking it.
Oh, it might take three days for your DNS to propagate.
So hang in there and just, I can imagine like you're having fun.
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's like, wow.
I thought I'm almost off work, but no, you're bringing it all back.
I'm sorry.
I'm sure the company could support therapy to work through the issues
and the trauma that you've suffered from the DNS.
It's always DNS.
That's right.
Yes, it's always DNS.
One of our goals with custom domains is also to make it super simple
for you to set up them.
Like, for example, if you're using one of the providers that support OAuth,
we can also just do one click, and then it's going to be automatically.
Oh, that's cool. Yeah, yeah, that's really nice.
But unfortunately, it depends on the platform you're using,
because all of them support this.
Yeah, just a shout-out for people out there.
This is made by the person in charge of most of the integrations.
So Patrick has built, we have integrations for a bunch of database providers
and things like that.
Patrick, I think now Patrick knows by memory the open ID specification.
I don't know.
Yeah, the other thing I wanted to talk a bit about was just integrations,
like what kind of stuff you guys have come in.
I saw that Hugging Face is going to be integrated soon.
You've got Supabase, which is kind of Postgres as a service.
There's a lot of those things out there that theoretically could be added.
Yeah, I mean, someone also asked for MongoDB.
Maybe that's one that we're going to take a look into.
It really depends on the provider.
So at the moment, we don't want to ask databases for you
because that's also another kind of rabbit hole.
Jonathan is probably not ready for that.
But yeah, definitely like databases.
But I guess we can say that we also
talking with the people from Pydantic
so we can integrate maybe Logfire automatically,
that kind of stuff.
Yeah.
And also like Redis, which is also another kind of database
that's also coming soon.
- Yeah, there's a couple of database as a service
type things that don't require too much
other than just connecting API keys
and something like that, right?
Those seem like low hanging fruit.
- Yeah, so like the kind of goal with the integration
is not just like, yeah, right now,
It's just setting up an environment variable.
But the idea is also to do more--
I don't know-- the proper integration, I would say.
For example, for things like Superbase,
yeah, I think that support branching.
For example, once we support Procrast previews for GitHub,
we can also create a branch automatically for you
if you have the Superbase integration enabled.
And we can do this kind of stuff as well.
Or even we could show some information about database,
I don't know, like load or like memory usage,
things are directly from our dashboard.
So you don't have to go there.
That's the main reason why we're building this
infrastructure for the integration.
- All right.
Well, people can sign up to the waiting list
and hopefully get on the private beta and...
- We actually check the waiting list.
We actually check the use cases, theme sizes,
like what are people building with it.
Like we actually go and check it
and we bring in people from the waiting list.
Nice. I didn't join the waiting list directly.
I was added by some guy I know who was very kind to help me get some behind the scene look.
I don't know what the process is.
Do you actually say what you want to do with it and you evaluate that a little bit as well based on like,
hey, this would be a cool use case for us to support?
Yes, yes, of course.
Because there are many types of applications and
many types of different team sizes, many types of things that people might want to build.
And we try to see, like, okay, where is the case where we could be, like, a good fit and we can provide a great service?
And what are the things that people are trying to build?
Also, it helps us see, like, you know, like, what are people trying to do with FastAPI Cloud so that we know what we have to provide?
But we actually go and check those submissions.
It's actually thousands of people in the waiting list, but we still go and check and approve kind of manually.
Yeah.
To bring a bunch of people on board in the different ways that we have been bringing people.
So if people go and join the waiting list and actually tell us what is their use case, their team,
like what are they planning on doing, there's a much higher chance that we are going to
go and just like bring them up.
Okay.
Awesome.
So, everyone, go join the waitlist if you're doing FastAPI.
I'll link to it in the show notes, of course.
Thank you all for being here and sharing the story.
And I, for one, am very excited to see FastAPI Cloud exist.
just one more way to make FastAPI stronger and more resilient and so on.
Thank you very much. Thank you for having us.
Yeah, thanks for having us.
Yeah, you bet. Bye, everyone.
Bye, folks.
Bye.